Here is my final project for the data visualization course I took this summer. I rendered my viz' in jupyter notebook using folium (leaflet backend) and plotly. In the end my viz can be seen [here](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/nbc270/data_visualization_final/blob/master/data_viz_final_project_images.ipynb) in case the notebook doesn't render in Github. The buttons for the first viz do not show the fast backward, backward, forward, or fast forward buttons but they work in the order described from top to bottom. Also feel free to clone this repo and run the notebook for thre best way to see all visualizations. 

Challenge 2
<iframe width="450" height="600" src='challenge_2.html'></iframe>
In this first visualization, we see a changing heatmap over a 24 hour period for missed pickups. This means each dot seen on the map a single ride where the driver did not end up picking up the intended rider. In order view such a dataset over space and time, it felt appropriate to do a heatmap over a street map of nyc (spatial) along with a time slider (time). The time slider allows one to view a continuous run and look at discreet hours. As seen, there are few missed rides in the early morning hours (2-6). During mid day, there are plenty of missed rides in mid town, particularly around Grand Central, Port Authority, Penn Station, and Times Square. As then slider moves into evening hours the clusters begin to shift south and around 10 PM Oct.5 -1 AM Oct.6th we see more missed pickups in West Village, East Village, Meeat Packing, and NoHo. These are all big going out regions.
